.Dd 2015-08-11
.Dt LEWIN 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm lewin
.Nd a compositional calculator
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The Lewin calculator is a tool for operations with pitch class sets and related
concepts that is useful both for musical analysis and composition.
.Ss Supported operations
.Bl -hyphen
.It
Normal form according to Straus
.It
Normal form according to Forte
.It
Prime form according to Straus
.It
Prime form according to Forte
.It
Subsets of n elements of a given set
.It
Stravinskian rotation
.It
Addition table
.It
Interval vector
.It
Transpositive invariants
.It
Inversive invariants
.It
Multiplication according to Boulez
.It
Multiplication according to Rahn (traditional)
.It
Multiplication according to Rahn (expanded)
.It
Similarity between two sets
.It
Derivation
.It
Twelve-tone matrix
.It
Hexachordal combinatoriality
.It
Serial invariants
.It
Html export
.It
Pitch class set tables
.El
.Sh DOWNLOAD
You will need the java runtime enviroment in order to run lewin. After unzipping, open the bin directory and run lewin.bat if you're on windows or lewin if you're on OSX, GNU/Linux or other UNIX variants.
.Bl -hyphen
.It
.Lk http://lewin.raphaelss.com/lewin-1.0.1.zip Lewin-1.0.1.zip
.El
.Sh CONTRIBUTING
We are currently refactoring the code to be able to cleanly introduce new
features. There is a mirror of the repository at
.Lk https://github.com/raphaelss/lewin github.com/raphaelss/lewin
and you can open issues there for bug reports and feature requests or send
patches via pull requests. You are also welcome to send bug reports,
feature suggestions and patches via email to one of the authors.
.Sh AUTHORS
Lewin is developed by Hildegard Paulino, Liduino Pitombeira and Raphael Santos.
.Sh LICENSE
Copyright (C) 2013 Hildegard Paulino Barbosa, hildegardpaulino {at} gmail {dot} com
.Pp
Copyright (C) 2013 Liduino José Pitombeira de Oliveira,
.Lk http://www.pitombeira.com
.Pp
Copyright (C) 2015 Raphael Sousa Santos,
.Lk http://www.raphaelss.com
.Pp
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.Pp
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.Pp
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see
.Lk http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

